7.49 to 7.52 release notes (#3432)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/Release.7.52.0.Final/smart-router-tls.adoc

[id='smart-router-tls-752']

= Smart router TLS

> Now listening on http port can be disabled by setting `org.kie.server.router.port` to -1. Thats useful for https only configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When configuring the Smart Router, you can now disable listening on the http port by setting `org.kie.server.router.port` to -1. This option is useful if you want to enable only https connections. 
```
